With one word from me, you can't get rid of the platform.
Mr. Liu, don't take yourself too seriously
The masked singer is just a false name
The Masked God of Songs is the face of the Chinese music scene
And you're just a worthless wretch
Then congratulations in advance on your dream coming true
Okay, come out
You and I are not the same kind of people
Kiss let's go
Mr. Chen
Mr. Chen, I'm sorry today.
The kitchen has caused you so much trouble
In fact, he is not today either
You think I left Crescent Corporation because of him
I have been in conflict with Mr. Wang of the Crescent Group for a long time
He has put pressure on me many times before
But they were all resolved by me one by one
But this time because of you
That's kind of a special distinction.
Mr. Shin, I'm sorry.
Ask me about it
Miss Jiang should understand my heart